updated JSM to mention output to server logs instead of tasklogs (#2354)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/approvals/jira-service-management/index.md

Once an Issue has been found, the deployment will only proceed if the **State** of the CR is 
`Implementing`. If the **State** is either `Preview`, `Planning`, `Authorize`, or `Awaiting 
Implementation` the 

> deployment will wait. Any other **State** will cause the deployment task to fail, with logs written to ServerLogs instead of Tasklogs.  

Reviewer: Not sure the exact answer to this as I couldn't find an answer online... "ServerLogs" and "Tasklogs" - are these product-specific names or can we just use "server logs" and "task logs"?

If they are product-specific naming conventions... can we double check the consistency issue (i.e. I'd expect "ServerLogs" and "TaskLogs" or something like that.

```suggestion
deployment will wait. Any other **State** will cause the deployment task to fail, with logs written to server logs instead of task logs.
```

Once an Issue has been found, the deployment will only proceed if the **State** of the CR is 
`Implementing`. If the **State** is either `Preview`, `Planning`, `Authorize`, or `Awaiting 
Implementation` the 
:::div{.info}

> deployment will wait. Any other **State** will cause the deployment task to fail. For deployments using Highly Available (HA) Octopus, the logs will be written to the server logs instead of the task logs.

Reviewer: The "info" box seems to start mid sentence here.
